assets/pages/data_collect.md, before:

[Take me home](../../index.md)

# Data Collection

During a project working with the Stellenbosch University Botanical Gardens (SUBG) myself and two others, [Zandre Nieuwoudt](https://github.com/ZJnieuwoudt) & [Mila Toth](https://github.com/milesTeller), collected DGPS readings to generate high precision vector files of some new beds that had been built in the gardens. This was done using a Trimble GeoXH 6000 Differential GPS which can be seen below.
![trimble](../media/trimble.png). 
	


Performing practical field work was a great learning experience and I feel it is an amazing way to learn how to use new technology. It also allows one to experience first hand the issues that one can face and definitely improves your ability to think outside the box to solve these issues. Our team worked well together with everyone excelling at their respective roles, while clear and friendly communication made it a lot easier to work out in the sun for hours! 
![dc1](../media/dc1.jpeg)
![dc2](../media/dc2.jpeg)

Commit message:

changes to strat data_collect and proj_man

assets/pages/data_collect.md, after:

[Take me home](../../index.md)

# Data Collection

During a project working with the Stellenbosch University Botanical Gardens (SUBG) myself and two others, [Zandre Nieuwoudt](https://github.com/ZJnieuwoudt) & [Mila Toth](https://github.com/milesTeller), collected DGPS readings to generate high precision vector files of some new beds that had been built in the gardens. This was done using a Trimble GeoXH 6000 Differential GPS which can be seen in Figure 1.

| ![trimble](../media/trimble.png) |
| <b>Figure 1: The DGPS unit used for our data collection</b>
	


Performing practical field work was a great learning experience and I feel it is an amazing way to learn how to use new technology. It also allows one to experience first hand the issues that one can face and definitely improves your ability to think outside the box to solve these issues. Our team worked well together with everyone excelling at their respective roles, while clear and friendly communication made it a lot easier to work out in the sun for hours! 
![dc1](../media/dc1.jpeg)
![dc2](../media/dc2.jpeg)
